README.md, before:

# CIDM6330-project
Project repository for CIDM6330 Spring 2022 Project.

Final shooters log project for CIDM 6330 Software Development class. West Texas A&M University Spring 2022.

Author: Robert Stockwell

## Abstract

This is to build a working site for following *Test Driven Development* (TDD) method of building software. Following the method ologies in the APP book. Using Flask as a processor and SQLAlchemy for persistance. 

## Structure

1. Domain-Training-Log.drawio - This is the domain model that was initially worked up for the project. Created using the Draw.io desktop software. Working on modifying as we move along the process. 
2. Service (folder) - this is where the main application will live (?). Does this follow the service layer

## Notes

Building with testing in mind initially, I'm starting with the athlete part of the project. I'll then look a the Goals and Drills pieces. Using Barky app and other code from the class as a baseline for how to make my *Shooters Log* work and build it up on the TDD 

## Helpful links (for me)

- [Learn Flask for Python - FreeCodeCamp on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z1RJmh_OqeA)
- [Awesome Software Architecture](https://awesome-architecture.com/)
- [Python Modules](https://realpython.com/python-modules-packages/)
- [Draw.io](https://app.diagrams.net/)
- [Mark Down Guide](https://www.markdownguide.org/)

Commit message:

Adding shooterlog.py and stubs for athlete db calls

README.md, after:

# CIDM6330-project
Project repository for CIDM6330 Spring 2022 Project.

Final shooters log project for CIDM 6330 Software Development class. West Texas A&M University Spring 2022.

Author: Robert Stockwell

## Abstract

This is to build a working site for following *Test Driven Development* (TDD) method of building software. Following the method ologies in the APP book. Using Flask as a processor and SQLAlchemy for persistance. 

## Structure

1. Domain-Training-Log.drawio - This is the domain model that was initially worked up for the project. Created using the Draw.io desktop software.
    * Working on modifying as we move along the process.
    * Updated using the APP reference in Chapter 6 Unit of Work figure 6-1. (Don't know if it right or not)
2. service (folder) - this is where the main application will live. Does this follow the service layer methodology? 
3. tests (folder) - holds all of the test scripts for checking the application. 
4. shooterlog.py - main entry into the program.


## Notes

Building with testing in mind initially, I'm starting with the athlete part of the project. I'll then look a the Goals and Drills pieces. Using Barky app and other code from the class as a baseline for how to make my *Shooters Log* work and build it up on the TDD 

## Helpful links (for me)

- [Learn Flask for Python - FreeCodeCamp on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z1RJmh_OqeA)
- [Awesome Software Architecture](https://awesome-architecture.com/)
- [Python Modules](https://realpython.com/python-modules-packages/)
- [Draw.io](https://app.diagrams.net/)
- [Mark Down Guide](https://www.markdownguide.org/)
